Boss, you are returning the tiger to the mountain.
brother
Even if I just killed him
The Xiao family will also come against me
Why don't you let it go?
This can avoid conflicting answers.
The next time
We can also find a way to identify
By the way, Linger Xiaoya
You go back first
I'll handle it here.
Well then, brother Tianze
No matter what, I will accompany you to the end.
Me, too.
boss
What did you think of?
Brother, do you know what groups and forces are there?
Can compete with the construction of the capital
I'm afraid other top forces have to be built
Or world ranking
The top ten multinational groups can be very good
There are 100 billion of us.
In the name of the dynasty
Initiate financing partnerships with those groups and forces
If Xiao listens to pity
Let him suffer the consequences
100 billion people
Okay, no kidding.
Is it necessary for me to play dumb with you?
Okay, we're running out of time.
We seize the time to become stronger
Only strength is the last word
Hope tomorrow
I must make you regret it.